README.md, before:

# Infinity ErgoDox layout and Kiibohd kll compiler

Based entirely off of fredZen's compilation mechanism, with my own KLL files.

The pictured keyboard layout is the spec I am trying to achieve; I can't do
it all through the Infinity Ergodox
[online keyboard configurator](https://input.club/configurator-ergodox/)
(though I did use that to generate a rough draft of the KLL files), so instead
I use an
[online keyboard layout editor](http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com/) to
draft the spec.

The actual app-launcher mechanism is through BetterTouchTool.

The "tap" functionality for Esc and Control/Shift is implemented through
[Karabiner-Elements](https://github.com/tekezo/Karabiner-Elements).

My layout for the [Infinity ErgoDox](http://input.club/devices/infinity-ergodox) keyboard.

![Keyboard layout](layout.png)

## Editing

The layout files are in kiibohd/*.kll.

- fred-0.kll is the main layer
- fred-1.kll is the layer with arrows, function keys and braces
- fred-2.kll is the layer with the keypad

## Workflow

My workflow uses the [dockerized version](https://hub.docker.com/r/fmerizen/ergodox-infinity-layout/) of the KLL compiler. First make sure that you have a working docker installation.

1. Edit fred-*.kll to my liking.
2. If I added or removed a layer, I need to change the value of PartialMaps in kiibohd/fred.bash accordingly
3. Run `./compile.sh fred.bash` from a docker aware bash. For me that will just be git-bash. And yes, that's correct, there is no directory before fred.bash although fred.bash is in the kiibohd subdirectory.
4. The compiled firmware is now available as kiibohd/*.dfu.bin.
5. Flash the keyboard with [dfu-util](https://github.com/kiibohd/controller/wiki/Loading-DFU-Firmware). It's enough to flash the master half of the keyboard (the one that's plugged into the keyboard). For instance, I always have the right half plugged into the computer; the left half is plugged into the right half. So I flash right_kiibohd.dfu.bin.

Commit message:

add ergodox default layout image

README.md, after:

# Infinity ErgoDox layout and Kiibohd kll compiler

Based entirely off of fredZen's compilation mechanism, with my own KLL files.

The pictured keyboard layout is the spec I am trying to achieve; I can't do
it all through the Infinity Ergodox
[online keyboard configurator](https://input.club/configurator-ergodox/)
(though I did use that to generate a rough draft of the KLL files), so instead
I use an
[online keyboard layout editor](http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com/) to
draft the spec.

The actual app-launcher mechanism is through BetterTouchTool.

The "tap" functionality for Esc and Control/Shift is implemented through
[Karabiner-Elements](https://github.com/tekezo/Karabiner-Elements).

My layout for the [Infinity ErgoDox](http://input.club/devices/infinity-ergodox) keyboard.

![Keyboard layout](layout.png)

The default layout, for reference regarding the KLL mappings:

![Default keyboard layout](ergodox-default-layout.png)
## Editing

The layout files are in kiibohd/*.kll.

- fred-0.kll is the main layer
- fred-1.kll is the layer with arrows, function keys and braces
- fred-2.kll is the layer with the keypad

## Workflow

My workflow uses the [dockerized version](https://hub.docker.com/r/fmerizen/ergodox-infinity-layout/) of the KLL compiler. First make sure that you have a working docker installation.

1. Edit fred-*.kll to my liking.
2. If I added or removed a layer, I need to change the value of PartialMaps in kiibohd/fred.bash accordingly
3. Run `./compile.sh fred.bash` from a docker aware bash. For me that will just be git-bash. And yes, that's correct, there is no directory before fred.bash although fred.bash is in the kiibohd subdirectory.
4. The compiled firmware is now available as kiibohd/*.dfu.bin.
5. Flash the keyboard with [dfu-util](https://github.com/kiibohd/controller/wiki/Loading-DFU-Firmware). It's enough to flash the master half of the keyboard (the one that's plugged into the keyboard). For instance, I always have the right half plugged into the computer; the left half is plugged into the right half. So I flash right_kiibohd.dfu.bin.
